Breaking change docs: CborReader/CborWriter enforce default maximum nesting depth (.NET 11) (#54360)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/extensions/11/cbor-max-depth.md

{
    reader.ReadStartArray(); // Succeeded at any depth
}
```

```csharp
var writer = new CborWriter();

for (int i = 0; i < 2000; i++)
{
    writer.WriteStartArray(1); // Succeeded at any depth
}
```

## New behavior

Starting in .NET 11, `CborReader` throws <xref:System.Formats.Cbor.CborContentException> when reading a container (array, map, or indefinite-length string) that would exceed the maximum allowed depth (default: 64). `CborWriter` throws <xref:System.InvalidOperationException> when writing a container that would exceed the maximum allowed depth (default: 1000).

```csharp
// Throws CborContentException when nesting depth exceeds 64
var reader = new CborReader(deeplyNestedBuffer);

for (int i = 0; i < 65; i++)
{
    reader.ReadStartArray(); // Throws CborContentException on the 65th call
}
```

```csharp
// Throws InvalidOperationException when nesting depth exceeds 1000
var writer = new CborWriter();

for (int i = 0; i < 1001; i++)
{
    writer.WriteStartArray(1); // Throws InvalidOperationException on the 1001st call
}
```

## Type of breaking change

This change is a [behavioral change](../../categories.md#behavioral-change).

## Reason for change

> To prevent excessive memory consumption and execution time, this change limits the nesting depth. Skipping over a deeply nested array or map requires processing every element in the structure, which can use a surprising amount of memory. This change is also consistent with the behavior of <xref:System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonReader> and <xref:System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonWriter>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change limits the nesting depth to prevent excessive memory consumption and execution time. Skipping over a deeply nested array or map requires every element in the structure to be processed, which can use a surprising amount of memory. This change is also consistent with the behavior of <xref:System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonReader> and <xref:System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonWriter>.
```
